University Life (U-Life)
Undergraduate students are required to complete the non-credit bearing University Life programme. Workshops and activities in U-Life aim to enhance students’ capabilities to face challenges and find solutions that come from academic or work environment. After completing this programme, students should be able to:
1. Acquire the skills and knowledge that help them adapt to the new life at the University;
2. Examine issues of academic integrity and global citizenship with an awareness of their communities;
3. Develop leadership skills, communication skills and team work spirit that can be applied to their daily life.

Requirements
University Life Orientation Workshops (UOW)
1. UOW 1: Personal Transformation Workshop (by Office of Student Affairs)
This workshop presents the concept of whole person development and utilises students’ profiles from the Whole Person Development Inventory (WPDI) to enhance the awareness of their current state of development. The workshop also introduces a wide range of university resources for supporting students’ whole person development and facilitates better planning for their university life.

2. UOW 2: Insight into HKBU’s 7 Graduate Attributes (by Centre for Holistic Teaching and Learning)
In this workshop, students will use their mobile devices to go through a learning path, known as the Trail of Integrity and Ethics—General (TIE-General). This major endeavour of the New Student Orientation forewarns new students of common misunderstandings that may lead to academic misconduct. Using augmented reality and mobile technologies, TIEs are designed to engage students and motivate them to learn about academic integrity and ethics (AIE), and internalise key concepts to apply in everyday settings. Furthermore, TIE-General acts as a starting trail and students can learn discipline-specific concepts of AIE via other TIEs in subsequent years.

3. UOW 3: Get Ready for University Research (by Library)
New university students may be unaware of the expectations that their professors have in terms of the sources they should use in their assignments. This workshop begins by impressing upon students that success in their university studies will depend on their ability to locate and access reliable sources of scholarly information. Librarians are introduced as professionals that can help them develop their information literacy abilities. Students are also provided with an overview of the key services and facilities of HKBU Library to ensure that they are aware of these vital resources.

Co-curricular Learning (CCL)
Co-curricular Learning (CCL) take the form of seminars, workshops, campus events, and experiential learning activities which all aim to foster students’ whole person development.
- Students are required to complete at least 8 CCL items before the end of the fourth semester of study.
- Students directly admitted to Year 2 or 3 have to complete the requirement by the end of the third semester of study, while the exemption of 4 CCL items applies to students directly admitted to Year 3.

Academic Integrity Online Tutorial (AIOT)
Academic Integrity Online Tutorial (AIOT) is an introduction to promoting academic integrity by increasing students’ awareness of the issues involved. Using pertinent cases as examples, each of the six modules in AIOT provides information and strategies that can be applied to avoid committing academic misconduct unintentionally.
- Students are required to complete AIOT before the end of the second semester of study.

Completion Assessment & Consequences
1. Students will be given an “S” grade for satisfactory completion of the programme or a “U” grade for unsatisfactory performance.
2. A student who is unable to complete the programme by the deadlines specified in the BUniPort will be barred from accessing course grades immediately and will not be allowed to enrol on courses in the following semester until his/her deficiency has been made up.